yea aight day, im gonna start giving days rating. so 7/10 day today. pretty avg day. woke up, brush teeth, ate breakfast, the normal shabang. had chinese lesson this morning, aight lesson, nothing special, my speaking is still shit lol. then i did the forage jpm chase virtual work experience, finished module 1. it was abt a beverage company in the usa wanting to expand to asia. so usa md at jpm contact md in hk abt potential companies, we got 5 companies. so the 2 mds were on call, i got the transcript of the call and the notes of the call. made some notes about the call on my own even though i was given the notes.

notes:

md: anna
- has relationship with carlos johnson, ceo worldwidebrewing co
- carlos wants to expand to asia through m&a


Here is some high-level information on WorldWide Brewing Co.:

Largest manufacturer and supplier of beer, spirits and non-alcoholic beverages in the United States
US$1bn EBITDA from operations
Limited domestic growth opportunities, looking to expand overseas
CEO has identified Asia as a key opportunity as the rising middleclass is rapidly increasing its demand for more premium beverages

reach out to director at jpm hk to discuss targets
scheduled call wit hk director

call transcript:
- intro, explain situation that worldwide brewing wants to expand through m&a

comp 1: happyhour co
- hk md suggests happyhour co, beers, spirits and non alcoholic drinks in sg + malay + cn.
- hh co is integrated, handle own manufacturing, distribution + sales
- hh co ebitda 2020 usd 300 mil, up 20% 2019
- owned by 3 fams, largest stakeholder retiring, launched process for smone to buy, but seller still want to remain on management
- seller owns 60%

comp 2: spirit bay
- indo company, beers spirits non alcohol in sg malay cn
- #1 in indo, #2 in sg + malay
- integrated ops, manufacturing located in indo
- usd 400m ebitda 2020, up 40% 2019
- no recent expansions, 60% owned by global sponsor, undergoing aggressive cost cutting to improve earnings


comp 3: Hipster's ale
- malay beer + spirits, ops in sg, indo, jp, kr, cambo	
- integrated ops
- owned by 30 independent breweries	
- manufacturing lead by consortium of independent microbreweries in respective regions
- usd 200 mil ebitda 2020, up 15% 2019

comp 4: brew co
- malay beer + spirits, only manufacturing, but #1 in malay
- public company, institutionally owned, on the bursa Malaysia stock exchange
- usd 800m ebitda 2020, down 5% from 2019

comp 5: bevy's direct
- sg beer spirits non alcoholic
- ops in malay, cn, indo, jp,kr,cambo,aus,nz
- only wholesale 
- owned by wholefoods retailer
- usd 250mil ebitda 2020, up 20% 2019


so the task i was given was to write an email to the usa md abt all of the available companies, description of company, whether it was relevant to the company that we are consulting for and whether we recommend the company or not. we expanding through m & a. finished that, and then asked claude to reconsider sat practice methods using data from sat tracker and 2 new recommended websites: https://practicesat.vercel.app/practice and https://www.ammasat.com/app/vocab-plus . so claude redesigned plan with new strats so we good. did that, had some lunch, and did some practice rush on practice sat for r and w for subject verb agreement cus according to data that is worse one. did that, got like 73%, not good still but we move. then went to do some cs class, worked on hotel app, fixed security issues and reverted from 127.0.0.1 back to localhost, idk how and why it went to 127 instead of localhost. also fixed some login and password issues. finished that, went home, chilled for a bit, showered dinner. currently watching f1, tolonelli won leclec 2nd fack wanted leclec to win. wc final at 2 am 🥀les go argentina. also bought a diet coke for the wc game so thatll be nice. yep so yea day done.