6/10, lowk boring day but 1 thing saved it or 2 things or 3 
morning got to gs 25, black coffee today with a lil bit of sugar. that bitterness in the morning to wake my ass up. my friend came to visit me this morning b4 work, talked with him a lil bit, got some footage of me going into elevator and clocking in then day start. was working with hr guy today working on like company policy. he gave me 3 like policy documents, and also a template. he wants me to like format the documents to look like the template. so at first i was like oh i just copy it over and done, but then it much harder cus the template doc got like many sections and each section has sub section and they are formatted like 1, 1.1, 1.1.1 etc. so i gotta use the line formatting shit. generally annoying but i gotta learn on the job cus i havent done word doc in so long. 

working on company policy with hr guy today
guy gave me a template of what the doc for company policy should look like
he gave me 3 other docs of company policy
wants me to format those 3 docs to look like the template

bro fucking word is so stupid worst thing ive ever used mate. im trying to set a levelled numbered list, i go from one list to another, it just resets the settings to a different one. why?? i aint even clicked nothing. also i have to like manually format each one. im doing like policy documents right, each policy doc has multiple parts and each part has sub parts, i have to like do it in a specific format, and i cant just copy it over from one to another, i have to manually do the settings for the list every time. so annoying. 

some raw thoughts above from the moment. 
yea struggled with that for the morning, then went to lunch with a friend that i havent seen in a long time, he came back from the usa, had a pastrami sando with him and he had a burger, went back to office, continued with formatting and yea that was end of day. honestly nothing special today. oh i forgot i did sign the intern contract in the morning so yea that was that. the guy that came to visit me in the morning came back again in the afternoon, hung out iwth him for a bit and yea just went home. honestly nothing interesting today except lunch with my friend. had a lot of fun catching up and shi. 