7.5/10 day. start off the day, go to work, was deciding either matcha or iced viet coffee today, chose coffee cus if i put matcha in my vid imma get slimed. got into work, signed in, went to my desk, basically did nothing for the first hr, just texted my friends and scrolled. not proud but we move. then i remembered the investment lady yesterday told me she would give me some feedback abt stuff i did for the research team. so yea went and had a debrief with her abt that, this is what we talked abt: 
ok so some feedback abt the research thing i did for offices and hotels
so i told her that like main websites i used for research was maison office and Saigon office
she said like oh how u feel abt the reliability of the data on those websites do u see any relationships
i was like yea reliability pretty good, relationship so as grade of building/office goes up then the service charge and rent also goes up
but she also says like oh what do u not see on the websites?
u dont see the usual like how long the usual lease time is, u dont see like the potential discount if u rent out for a longer period of time, you dont see the vat (but vat is usually a fixed rate anyways), u dont see like the fitting out time, basically sometimes the owner gives u like 1-3 months time to fit out the office and like set it up, basically free rent for 1-3 months, but u dont know that from the website bc they dont tell u.

the thing is that she just wants me to ask meaningful questions, get as much out of this as possible, ask my supervisor some more questions cus lowk haven't been doing that alot, if u see some trends in data then present it to them, i haven't presented to them any trends ive just done research, so i see like oh some grade a buildings have increased in rent and shi, i should present the comparison between q1 and q2. she's like oh ask for 15-20 mins of their time, ask abt like how these prices differ, what might have caused them to change.

she also talked abt the demand and supply of ts, so demand is what the tenant wants and is willing to pay, supply is what quantity the supplier is willing to offer at a specific time, but then sometimes the tenant dont see what is happening behind the scenes with suppliers, maybe we can give tenants some more insight? and then she links back with what i told her in day one was like oh i wanna build like a centralized database with things that researchers and analysts would like, industry specific and close to the needs to make their jobs easier, maybe provide more insights.

she's like oh ask for feedback and then try to dive deeper, talk abt like trends and why they could be happening and shi. 



yea so debrief over with her, went back to my desk. i went back to the spreadsheet that i finished like 2 or 3 days ago abt offices in hcmc and did some calculations for how many increased price, decreased, no change, based on q1 data that i had bc i was comparing it to q2 data. so yea mostly found that grade a was down in price, grade b was aight was moving both ways. services charges dont rlly change. 

came up with some questions to ask research lady:
questions:
grade a rent usually stable, why they decreasing?
why grade a service charge not falling with rent?
why might grade b rent be going both ways?
what is common length for fit out period, grade a or grade b usually longer?
what is the avg leasing years for grade a and b, and what are the discounts that landlords offer depending on no. years rent
are discount more generous given that grade a rent is falling?
what is overall gross rent and net rent changes  for grade a and b do u think based of this data?

morning over. i went to order a protein smoothie, here's my order
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|1x   chuối yến mạch giảm cân healthy High Protein Shake|117500₫||
||+ Vital Proteins collagen peptides|||
||Vừa 500ml|||
||50% đá|||
||Muscle Tăng cơ/No lâu (≈40–45g protein)|||
||ngọt từ mật mía thanh mát|||
|||||
||Tổng tạm tính|117500₫||
||Cước phí giao hàng|14000₫||
||HCMLTNF3HIGHWOLULWT5PXT|- 9000₫||
||39.000 VND off|- 39000₫||
||Phí dịch vụ|4000₫||
||Khoản đóng góp trung hoà các-bon|1000₫||
|||   ||
|||   ||
||BẠN TRẢ|88500₫|
lowk tasted like straight booty and had to wait like 20 mins for delivery but whatever

while i was waiting, i check my zalo msgs bc i havent had it open the whole morning, then i see that my hr supervisor sent me some work to do. shit i was so caught up with the excel document i didnt even see the msg, panicked a lil bit but calmed down, we move just dont over play it with him. got back , checked email to see if hr guy sent me anything, didnt see anything, lowk relieved so i went to him and ask him to send it again. basically the hr guy sends me company policy docs and i have to format them a specific way, its not hard to do. so yea got like 2 of those done out of 4 that he sent me. my teacher whos in charge of work experience at my school came and visit me today, so he called he, got him up the building, he met with hr guy, i was also there in the meeting.

he talked abt like oh this place very corporate, everyone knows what they doing he likes the thing. he says like oh nowadays uk usa unis dont just care abt like academics and shi they care abt like ecas too, and he gave this example of like oh some kids wants to become a doctor, they do this work experience thing then they see some blood, maybe they dont like it so they switch. it prevents the thing thats like when u alr chose ur major in college but then uve only seen theory uve never seen it in real life, its very different. so yea. he says like oh a lotta kids nowadays want to do finance and econ so its good to get them in this corporate environment and to show them that its not like in the movies or tv shows. i told him like oh one of the most surprising things that i had to get used to was the hours, bc its much longer than in school. also like in school u get given stuff to do and shi but at work i gotta be more proactive in asking for work and shi, different environemtn. so yea we closed that up and got back to work. finished last 2 docs that i got sent, and took a break. yep did that and went back, drafted the questions, asked the researcher lady them, got the answers i needed lowk tired today also it late so ill get u them tmr. hr guy asked me abt filming the vid and i was like yea can i get permission to film he said that give me ur like script and what shots u need in the office and we'll see. and yea i talked to the guy on the investment team for a lil bit, says ill be with him tmr and prep some questions i wanna ask tn. and yea that was it and went home. 
the questions i asked to research lady and answers:
questions abv
1. demand and supply, excess supply they just reduce prices, companies leave, maybe to relocate, maybe no $
2. service cahrge usually constant, not affected by rent usually
3. same reason as grade a, if have little space left and most offices alr filled then no reason for building to lower price, 
4. fit out period based on area, larger area usually longer. but max is 3, anything after 3 u start paying.
5. avg lease for a and b is 1-3 yrs, but it dpeend, and yes discount rates increase with fall in rent


